Clarify Batch and Backup/Restore docs to emphasize immutability #1086 (#1087)
infinispan/infinispan-operator: documentation/asciidoc/stories/assembly_backing_up_restoring.adoc

`Backup` CR:: Archives {brandname} cluster content to a persistent volume.
`Restore` CR:: Restores archived content to a {brandname} cluster.
+

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
```

====
The `Backup` and `Restore` CRs are one-time events that do not reconcile updates to the `.spec` fields.

> If the `.spec` needs updating or the execution of the backup/restore operation fails, then it's necessary for a new `Batch` CR instance to be created.

Reviewer 2: Backup and Restore

> The `Backup` and `Restore` CRs are one-time events that do not reconcile updates to the `.spec` fields.
> If the `.spec` needs updating or the execution of the backup/restore operation fails, then it's necessary for a new `Backup` or 'Restore' CR instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying a `Backup` or `Restore` CR does not update the `.spec` fields for the CR. 
Backup and restore operations are "one-time" events that modify {brandname} resources.
To update `.spec` fields for the CR, or when a backup or restore operation fails, you must create a new instance of the `Backup` or `Restore` CR.
```
